asv0000001	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000002	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000003	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000004	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae
asv0000005	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000006	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000007	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000008	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000009	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;RF39
asv0000010	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;[Eubacterium] coprostanoligenes group
asv0000011	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000012	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000013	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000014	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000015	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group;bacterium
asv0000016	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000017	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000018	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000019	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;[Eubacterium] xylanophilum group
asv0000020	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000021	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Lactobacillus
asv0000022	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000023	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000024	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Ligilactobacillus
asv0000025	Bacteria;Deferribacterota;Deferribacteres;Deferribacterales;Deferribacteraceae;Mucispirillum;schaedleri
asv0000026	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000027	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000028	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000029	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000030	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group;bacterium
asv0000031	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000032	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000033	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000034	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000035	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000036	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000037	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000038	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000039	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000040	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006
asv0000041	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000042	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000043	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000044	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Incertae Sedis
asv0000045	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000046	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000047	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000048	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000049	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000050	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000051	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000052	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000053	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000054	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000055	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae;Turicibacter
asv0000056	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000057	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000058	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000059	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000060	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000061	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000062	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Anaerotruncus
asv0000063	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Ligilactobacillus
asv0000064	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000065	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000066	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000067	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;RF39
asv0000068	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000069	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000070	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Ligilactobacillus
asv0000071	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Ligilactobacillus
asv0000072	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000073	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000074	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000075	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000076	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;NK4A214 group
asv0000077	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000078	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000079	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000080	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae
asv0000081	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000082	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000083	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Acetatifactor
asv0000084	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000085	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000086	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000087	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000088	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000089	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Tuzzerella
asv0000090	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;A2
asv0000091	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000092	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000093	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000094	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Incertae Sedis
asv0000095	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000096	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000097	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000098	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Peptostreptococcaceae;Romboutsia;ilealis
asv0000099	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000100	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000101	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000102	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006
asv0000103	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Acetatifactor
asv0000104	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000105	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Marvinbryantia
asv0000106	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Incertae Sedis
asv0000107	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000108	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptococcales;Peptococcaceae
asv0000109	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000110	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000111	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000112	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000113	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;RF39
asv0000114	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptococcales;Peptococcaceae
asv0000115	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelatoclostridiaceae;Erysipelatoclostridium
asv0000116	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000117	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000118	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000119	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000120	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000121	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Incertae Sedis
asv0000122	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000123	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000124	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000125	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000126	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000127	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;UCG-010
asv0000128	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000129	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000130	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;A2
asv0000131	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000132	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000133	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000134	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;Clostridium sensu stricto 1
asv0000135	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000136	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Incertae Sedis
asv0000137	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000138	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-004
asv0000139	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000140	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000141	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Butyricicoccaceae;UCG-009
asv0000142	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000143	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Anaerotruncus
asv0000144	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Staphylococcales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus
asv0000145	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000146	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Marvinbryantia
asv0000147	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000148	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000149	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000150	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000151	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Anaerovoracaceae;[Eubacterium] nodatum group
asv0000152	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000153	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelatoclostridiaceae;Candidatus Stoquefichus
asv0000154	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006
asv0000155	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006
asv0000156	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000157	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000158	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Anaerovoracaceae;Family XIII AD3011 group
asv0000159	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;RF39
asv0000160	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000161	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;A2
asv0000162	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000163	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;RF39
asv0000164	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000165	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000166	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000167	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae
asv0000168	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Acetatifactor;muris
asv0000169	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000170	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ethanoligenenaceae
asv0000171	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000172	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae
asv0000173	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas
asv0000174	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000175	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Incertae Sedis
asv0000176	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000177	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000178	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000179	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000180	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000181	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000182	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Limosilactobacillus
asv0000183	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Incertae Sedis
asv0000184	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;[Eubacterium] ventriosum group
asv0000185	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000186	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000187	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Butyricicoccaceae;UCG-009
asv0000188	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000189	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000190	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000191	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000192	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000193	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae FCS020 group
asv0000194	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000195	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Staphylococcales;Staphylococcaceae;Staphylococcus
asv0000196	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000197	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000198	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000199	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000200	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000201	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000202	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000203	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;RF39
asv0000204	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;A2
asv0000205	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000206	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Anaerotruncus
asv0000207	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000208	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae
asv0000209	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000210	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000211	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000212	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;ASF356
asv0000213	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000214	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000215	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000216	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000217	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000218	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000219	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000220	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000221	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000222	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000223	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000224	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Marvinbryantia
asv0000225	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000226	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006;bacterium
asv0000227	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000228	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000229	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000230	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000231	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000232	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000233	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000234	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Peptostreptococcaceae;Romboutsia
asv0000235	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Coriobacteriia;Coriobacteriales;Eggerthellaceae;Adlercreutzia
asv0000236	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillospira
asv0000237	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Lactococcus
asv0000238	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000239	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Coriobacteriia;Coriobacteriales;Eggerthellaceae;Enterorhabdus
asv0000240	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000241	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Ligilactobacillus
asv0000242	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000243	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Harryflintia
asv0000244	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;ASF356
asv0000245	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000246	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Anaerovoracaceae;Family XIII AD3011 group
asv0000247	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000248	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000249	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000250	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Rikenellaceae;Alistipes
asv0000251	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Coriobacteriia;Coriobacteriales;Eggerthellaceae;Parvibacter
asv0000252	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000253	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000254	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000255	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000256	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000257	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000258	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000259	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000260	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000261	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000262	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Acholeplasmatales;Acholeplasmataceae;Anaeroplasma
asv0000263	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000264	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Marvinbryantia
asv0000265	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000266	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000267	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000268	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000269	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae
asv0000270	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000271	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000272	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000273	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Bacillales;Planococcaceae;Sporosarcina
asv0000274	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000275	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006
asv0000276	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000277	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Harryflintia
asv0000278	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Acetitomaculum
asv0000279	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000280	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000281	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000282	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Tannerellaceae
asv0000283	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000284	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000285	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Butyricicoccaceae;Butyricicoccus
asv0000286	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000287	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000288	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000289	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae
asv0000290	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000291	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000292	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Coriobacteriia;Coriobacteriales;Eggerthellaceae;Enterorhabdus
asv0000293	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000294	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000295	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000296	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;A2
asv0000297	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000298	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000299	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;Clostridium sensu stricto 1
asv0000300	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000301	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000302	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Anaerotruncus;colihominis
asv0000303	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;[Eubacterium] siraeum group
asv0000304	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000305	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000306	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000307	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000308	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000309	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;UCG-005
asv0000310	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000311	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000312	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000313	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000314	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000315	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000316	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;[Eubacterium] coprostanoligenes group
asv0000317	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000318	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000319	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000320	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000321	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridiales;Clostridiaceae;Clostridium sensu stricto 1
asv0000322	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000323	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000324	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000325	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-010
asv0000326	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000327	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000328	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Coriobacteriia;Coriobacteriales;Eggerthellaceae;Enterorhabdus
asv0000329	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000330	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;[Eubacterium] xylanophilum group
asv0000331	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000332	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000333	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000334	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000335	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000336	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000337	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Intestinimonas
asv0000338	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000339	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000340	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000341	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000342	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000343	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;GCA-900066575
asv0000344	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000345	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;[Eubacterium] coprostanoligenes group
asv0000346	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;[Eubacterium] coprostanoligenes group
asv0000347	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000348	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas
asv0000349	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000350	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000351	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000352	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Pseudomonadales;Pseudomonadaceae;Pseudomonas
asv0000353	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000354	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000355	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000356	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000357	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000358	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000359	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000360	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000361	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000362	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000363	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000364	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000365	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000366	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Actinobacteria;Micrococcales;Cellulomonadaceae;Cellulomonas
asv0000367	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Lactococcus
asv0000368	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae
asv0000369	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000370	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000371	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000372	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae
asv0000373	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000374	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;[Eubacterium] xylanophilum group
asv0000375	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000376	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000377	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Roseburia
asv0000378	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000379	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Carnobacteriaceae;Atopostipes
asv0000380	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000381	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Anaerotruncus
asv0000382	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000383	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000384	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000385	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000386	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000387	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000388	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Coriobacteriia;Coriobacteriales;Eggerthellaceae;Parvibacter
asv0000389	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000390	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Staphylococcales;Staphylococcaceae;Jeotgalicoccus
asv0000391	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Acetatifactor
asv0000392	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-001
asv0000393	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000394	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Harryflintia
asv0000395	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000396	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000397	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000398	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000399	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Lactococcus
asv0000400	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000401	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Ruminococcus
asv0000402	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000403	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000404	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000405	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000406	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Actinobacteria;Micrococcales;Cellulomonadaceae;Cellulomonas
asv0000407	Bacteria;Actinobacteriota;Coriobacteriia;Coriobacteriales;Eggerthellaceae;Enterorhabdus
asv0000408	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae
asv0000409	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Oscillibacter
asv0000410	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Anaerovoracaceae;[Eubacterium] brachy group
asv0000411	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Lactococcus
asv0000412	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Anaerovoracaceae;[Eubacterium] brachy group
asv0000413	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae
asv0000414	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000415	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Streptococcaceae;Lactococcus;lactis
asv0000416	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia vadinBB60 group
asv0000417	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Rikenellaceae;Alistipes
asv0000418	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000419	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006
asv0000420	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-006
asv0000421	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000422	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Anaerotruncus
asv0000423	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000424	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000425	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Clostridia UCG-014
asv0000426	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000427	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Limosilactobacillus
asv0000428	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Anaerovoracaceae;[Eubacterium] brachy group
asv0000429	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Flavonifractor
asv0000430	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000431	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-010
asv0000432	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000433	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;HT002
asv0000434	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000435	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-010
asv0000436	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000437	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Peptostreptococcales-Tissierellales;Anaerovoracaceae;[Eubacterium] brachy group
asv0000438	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000439	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-001
asv0000440	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000441	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000442	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000443	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000444	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;[Eubacterium] oxidoreducens group
asv0000445	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae
asv0000446	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae;Anaerotruncus
asv0000447	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;HT002
asv0000448	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Oscillospiraceae;Colidextribacter
asv0000449	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Gammaproteobacteria;Burkholderiales;Oxalobacteraceae;Massilia
asv0000450	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;HT002
asv0000451	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000452	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnoclostridium
asv0000453	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000454	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000455	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000456	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000457	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000458	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000459	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000460	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae NK4A136 group
asv0000461	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;Limosilactobacillus
asv0000462	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000463	Bacteria;Proteobacteria;Alphaproteobacteria;Rickettsiales;Mitochondria
asv0000464	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-008
asv0000465	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000466	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Enterococcaceae;Enterococcus
asv0000467	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000468	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Erysipelotrichales;Erysipelotrichaceae;Turicibacter
asv0000469	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae;Lachnospiraceae UCG-001
asv0000470	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Oscillospirales;Ruminococcaceae
asv0000471	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Muribaculaceae
asv0000472	Bacteria;Bacteroidota;Bacteroidia;Bacteroidales;Prevotellaceae;Alloprevotella
asv0000473	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Bacilli;Lactobacillales;Lactobacillaceae;HT002
asv0000474	Bacteria;Firmicutes;Clostridia;Lachnospirales;Lachnospiraceae
asv0000475	Bacteria
